>> Sarah Drasner: All right,
so we have another exercise.
You know how before we did
those compositions and
some of you did it on paper where
we kind of made two compositions or
three compositions on paper.
This time,
I want you to make two thumbnails,
meaning just notes to yourself, it doesn't
have to be something really fantastic.
And take one of the thumbnails that you
like and turn it into a storyboard.
The bonus here,
if you choose to accept it,
is to take that composition
that we made earlier.
And implement that storyboard or
thumbnail into that codepen, so
make some sort of interaction.
And you could make the interaction
be really something small, so
you could have just like an icon
changing or something like that.
Or a menu opening, or it could be
something big like those page transitions,
it could completely changing
the shape of those layouts.
We know Grid now and we've worked a bit
with things, like Flexbox and stuff.
So you could change,
with Transforms, the way that
everything's laying out on the page.